README.md, before:

# QuickAppLaunch

Android application that queries the installed applications on the devices and 
provides a Search interface to look for and launch your favorite application.

The application also provides a widget that you can place on your Home Screen 
and have instant access to the Search dialog.

# Developed by

Cristian Tanas - c.tanas@gmail.com

Find me on Twitter and LinkedIn:

- https://twitter.com/ctanas
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ctanas

# Licence

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Cristian Tanas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add acknowledgments to README.md

README.md, after:

# QuickAppLaunch

Android application that queries the installed applications on the devices and 
provides a Search interface to look for and launch your favorite application.

The application also provides a widget that you can place on your Home Screen 
and have instant access to the Search dialog.

# Developed by

Cristian Tanas - c.tanas@gmail.com

Find me on Twitter and LinkedIn:

- https://twitter.com/ctanas
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ctanas

# Acknowledgments

Application icon: Winter Lollipop by Yana Kulakova (https://www.iconfinder.com/ya.kulakova).
Many thanks to Yana and to every person sharing their design so others can use.

# Licence

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Cristian Tanas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
